docs(privatelink): rename to Private Links and update for self-serve UI (#77830)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/platform/enterprise-flex/readme.md

### Enterprise Flex versus Pro

> Enterprise Flex includes all features that are standard in Pro with the additional capabilities of running self-managed data planes, referencing your own secrets manager, Private Links support, and storing audit logs.

Author: ```suggestion
Enterprise Flex includes all features that are standard in Pro with the additional capabilities of running self-managed data planes, referencing your own secrets manager, PrivateLink support, and storing audit logs.
```
